Decomp/lower time rules (#3061)
PennyLaneAI/catalyst: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

    2. When lowering a gate operation from JAXPR to MLIR, all rules reachable from that gate are injected into the IR.
    [(#3061)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/catalyst/pull/3061)

    This pathway of rule injection can be opted-out via a new keyword argument on `qp.qjit` named `collect_decomp_rules`.
    This kwarg controls whether or not to compile the decomposition rules during lower-time. Default value is `True`.
    If ``False``, only the circuit itself will be compiled (aka standard legacy behavior).
    If `True`, all the decomposition rules reachable from all gates in the circuit will be compiled.

>     If `capture=False`, or `capture="global"` and `qp.capture.enabled() == False`, this argument will be ignored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If the program capture mechanism is disabled, this argument will be ignored.
```

Author: capture=global means follow whatever the global capture flag is when qjit is called.

I copy pasted this docstring from Mudit's `skip_device_preprocessing` above

Reviewer: we could use a more generic statement for capture disabled as the "global" flag seems an ad-hoc

Reviewer: no strong opinion here. feel free to resolve it

Author: I think the spirit was just giving the behavior for each possible value of the kwarg. But if there's no strong opinion I'll resolve
